# Customer Churn Prediction:
This project is about the prediction of Customer Churn using the supervised machine learning models for the given dataset. In this project, we implemented supervised learning models to design a system that can predict whether the given customer will keep on using the services of subjected telecom company or the customer will churn. The pipeline of this project included Data Cleaning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Balancing the dataset, Model Building, and Evaluation Stage. Different Libraries like Numpy, Pandas, sci-kit-learn, imbalanced-learn, and matplot-lib was used throughout the project. Different classification techniques like Artificial Neural networks, Decision Trees, and Random Forest Classifiers were studied and implemented to achieve the objective. These models perform better for different valuation metrics. For example, Random Forest Classifiers performed best in terms of accuracy. Exploratory Data Analysis is performed to get the insights of the data and to get the raw understanding in terms of qualitative and quantitative metrics. The results can be evaluated if more features of the dataset are mined or investigated. Moreover, the dataset provided for evaluation was useless due to unlabeled data which cannot be used for supervised learning.  So in order to improve the accuracy of models, unbiased data is needed. There are many classification techniques which can also be employed to investigate the performance against our models i.e. SVM, Logistics Regression etc. And working with different combinations of features can also be important for the performance. Similarly, different optimization techniques can be performed for hyper –parameter‘s tuning. 
